Rename configuration rename-rules to acronym-mapping (#3676)
Azure/autorest.csharp: docs/mgmt/polishing.md

> A mechanism of renaming is introduced in the generator to unify the casing of some words.

Reviewer: We should also change the name of this section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mechanism of acronym mapping is introduced in the generator to unify the casing of acronyms.
```
